Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Prepare thyself
for one twisted tale.
Through the chapters of time,
legends have been told
of brave knights,
evil warlocks,
beautiful maidens,
magical prophecies,
and other serious shit.
Be not afraid.
This is your destiny.
You will bear my seed,
giving birth
to a new beast,
a new age.
An age where I will
command mankind in fear!
To arms!
At ease, Maiden.
When the light of
the world flickers,
we, the Golden Order
of Knights,
restore the rule
of good.
You're safe now.
Then let us pray
that 100 years from now when
these two moons meet again,
there will be a hero
as brave as you, my lord.
A hero as brave.
Oh, fuck me.
Prince Thadeous of Mourne,
you are hereby sentenced
to death by hanging
for your
illicit behavior
with the noble Dwarf King's
second wife Regina.
You're a disgrace
to any kingdom!
I say hang the bastard.
Get on with it!
And your minstrel,
Courtney,
is to be tarred
and feathered
for unlawful association
with a deviant.
Children, I'm allergic,
please. Let's not.
Please! These allegations,
they're being greatly exaggerated.
It was more or less
just heavy petting
with a brief moment
of penetration.
Disgusting!
He deserves to die! Kill
him! Hang the bastard!
Hey! Easy!
That's not nice.
You, bloodthirsty
little fucker!
Show me some respect,
I'm a prince!
To the bowels of hell!
Good night, Prince.
Oh, dear gods.
Your Highness,
what are you doing?
I'm escaping, Courtney!
Quit playing with those
children and help me!
Kill him!
Get him! After him!
Your Highness,
wait for me!
Why are they upset?
All dwarf queens
are unfaithful.
Hurry, Courtney,
back to the kingdom!
Forgive us
with your tiny hearts!
Faster sheepies,
faster!
Please wait, sir!
Courtney, you've proven
yourself useless yet again.
Who's that?
We're safe
and we're stoned.
Ganja!
They're gaining on us.
Oh, the dragon!
Those Highland Dwarves
have got weapons!
Coming through.
Boobies!
Watch out, Courtney!
I'm telling father
we should go
to war with these
double-crossers.
Poultry!
Livestock! Courtney, this
is no time to be napping.
I'm a chicken.
Let's get back...
Oh, look!
Mmm. A little feast to
break up this pursuit.
Dangerous,
yet delicious.
I'm jumping
out this window.
He's angry!
Courtney, break my
fall with your body.
Ow! Please don't hurt my bottom!
Run, Courtney!
Pick up the pace!
Why do people
so little run so fast?
That was close.
Courtney, I've had
enough of this nonsense!
Crack-a-lacka,
you little varmint.
They're devils, sir!
They're devils!
Get him!
They're muscular.
Get off me!
That's it, sir!
Your Highness!
Please tell me that you
completed your simple task
and secured the treaty signed
by the Lord of the Dwarf Village.
Father, they sent
a beautiful woman
to distract me and
I was defenseless.
Don't bandy words
with me, Thadeous.
Your brother is to return
from his quest at any moment.
Please go
and bathe yourself.
Why must I bow
to greet him?
No one does
anything special for me
when I do
extraordinary things.
And what extraordinary things
have you done of late?
Do tell me.
Enlighten me.
Courtney, what extraordinary
things have I done?
You took a bubble bath,
ate some toast,
had a sleep
for one hour,
and commissioned a naked
statue of your fine self.
God, if your mother
could see you now.
Hear ye! Hear ye!
Oh, dear gods.
It is with
blossoming personal joy
that I announce
the return of the mighty,
the magnificent,
the merciful,
Prince Fabious!
Hey, Prince Fabious, we adore you!
Welcome home,
Prince Fabious.
You're my king,
Welcome home!
You are adored.
It's Prince Fabious!
Prince Fabious,
I'm here for you now.
Brother!
Oh, my god,
I missed you so.
Great to see you.
Father.
My son.
Welcome home.
As you all know,
the evil wizard Leezar
has plagued our kingdom
with his foul creatures
and wicked ways for years.
But with my brave
trusted knights
and my dear Simon.
Join us,
my mechanical friend.
We have dispatched the latest
of these cold blooded enemies.
Behold!
The head of
Leezar's mighty Cyclops!
Fuck, yeah!
Fabious! Fabious! Fabious!
Once again, Prince Fabious has made
me as proud as a father could ever be.
All the land
owes him gratitude.
This is not
the only good news
that I've brought
home with me today.
Father, Brother,
kingdom...
She is radiant!
I'd like you
to meet my bride-to-be.
Belladonna.
Belladonna, my dear,
why don't you delight us
with your story.
Oh, no. It's a story
of strife and sadness.
No, no, it's not.
It's a story of love.
You don't have to tell it. Shh.
If she doesn't
want to tell it.
She will tell. This is a
table full of your loved ones.
Oh. Okay.
I've been held captive
by Leezar
in the Tower of Disorder
since I was but a child.
Never knowing love
nor human contact.
But I never
gave up hope.
Singing every day, praying that
someday my hero would find me.
And I did.
We had just
slaughtered the Cyclops.
We were on our way home,
and on the wind
I heard the most
beautiful song.
Fascinating, really. May we
take pause for one moment.
Yes, sir.
Look at Courtney's
new haircut.
Doesn't it make his head
look like the tip of a penis?
It's hilarious.
Thadeous, please.
What is your problem?
You, Fabious, you're
being selfish and greedy.
Stealing all
the attentions.
Today is not just
for you two.
Today is
Thundarian's birthday.
Thundarian,
is it your birthday?
It's not my birthday.
It's not Thundarian's
birthday, Thadeous.
Enough, enough.
My heart's desire,
what is this?
No. That's a...
We call that a fork,
and you use that
for your food.
Right there.
Fucking idiot.
Having spent years
in the tower
has made her ignorant to some of
our customs and things in general.
Why, yes, of course.
If your mother
were here today,
she would be a very
proud woman, Fabious.
Thank you, Father.
Which is why I ask your
permission to marry her at once.
The glory of romance!
I call upon my criers
to proclaim
that tomorrow we'll see the greatest
wedding this kingdom has ever known.
And tonight,
we celebrate!
I don't like this.
Courtney, will you make
funny faces to entertain me?
No.
Never triangle face. I hate
triangle face. It scares me.
Apologies.
Ah.
Good evening,
Your Royal Highness.
Julie.
Hello, fucking Julie.
What a wonderful,
wonderful evening, sire.
Yet another
glorious achievement
in the whole firmament of starring
moments for your brother Fabious.
We shall remember it
for the rest of our lives.
Isn't that amazing
how he can talk
and suck my cock at
the same exact time?
Yes, it is.
Incredible.
Oh, clean yourself up.
Should have closed
your eyes, Julie.
I know your vulgarity
masks your pain.
No, it doesn't.
I was trying to remember
the last time we had
one of these wonderful
evenings for you, sir.
Surely there
must have been one
somewhere in the history of this
kingdom, of your illustrious life.
There must've
been some moment
that we can
all remember.
And I'm trying
to think now
and there's nothing.
Courtney, I think I've had
enough of this foul party.
Yes, sir.
Stupid Julie,
I'll show him.
I am Thadeous,
the greatest sword
fighting man to ever live.
I will murder anyone
whoever tries to insult me
or challenge me.
Some balls you have, Simon,
showing yourself to me.
No matter what you say,
we'll never be friends
because I hate
mechanical inventions
and you know this.
Wipe that smile
off your face.
Hey, Simon.
You should swing from your hips,
Brother. You'll get more leverage.
Here, let me show you.
Oh, god.
Put your hands there,
yeah,
and swing.
Gods, get off of me. I
know how to use a sword.
Do you?
Yes.
We'll see about that.
Okay, enough. I don't
want to do swords with you.
I'm doing it by myself.
Defend yourself,
Brother!
Stop it.
There you go.
Stop.
Defend yourself!
Stop it.
Oh, shit!
You just nicked
my knuckles!
Oh, you'll be all right. It's not as
if I cut your head off or anything.
Why would you bring
that disgusting thing here?
It's getting juices
in our water supply.
It's a souvenir
of my kill.
I always take one from a
foe that's tasted the cold,
unrelenting steel
of my blade.
Souvenir of your kill?
That sounds like a rather
stupid, bloodthirsty tradition.
What's your problem?
Why are you
such a sourpuss?
I'm not being a sourpuss. I just
didn't wanna be at that celebrations.
All I want is for you to
be a part of this moment.
I want you to be gay
with me and father.
I don't want to be gay
with you two.
I'd rather just stay
in here
with my blade
and fuck things up.
Why would you say that?
Because, Fabious,
it's true.
I'm sick and tired of everyone
sucking up on your tits
because you are
to become king.
All the while, no one gives
two turtle shits about me.
But Thaddy, first borns
like me, we become king.
Second borns, you can be
whatever you want to be.
I want to be king.
Maybe we can both
be king.
No, I want to be
king by myself.
Well, cheer up,
Brother.
I have something else
that you can be.
What?
Best man
at my wedding.
I can think of no one
else I'd want by my side
as I sing my vow
passionately into her eyes.
Sounds tedious
and boring.
If I'm not mistaken,
it's tradition
that the best man gets
to finger the bridesmaids.
Really? I've never
heard of this tradition.
You have a fucking deal.
Oh, you're gonna
be so handsome!
Who's gonna be the
most handsome best man?
Probably me.
Who's the prince with the
most dashing moustache?
Me.
Who gives
the warmest hugs?
Me, of course.
I love you, Thadeous.
Okay, that's cool.
All gather
for the royal wedding!
Hello there, best man.
Best man?
If he wanted a best man,
he should have chosen me.
How many quests have
I been on with Fabious?
Countless.
Mmm.
I gave my hand to save his
life on the battlefield.
And yet he chooses
Thadeous as his best man.
That sorry sack of shit.
Such a poor excuse
for a prince.
He's nothing more than a
self-entitled, rotten child!
Idiot.
You look beautiful.
Thank you.
Belladonna...
Oh, my love.
Oh, Fabious, I can't wait
until the cervix is over,
and to lie together
as one.
No, the service.
The cervix is a circular wing of
muscles that contracts or expands.
It's up in your vagina.
That's where my penis
will go after the wedding.
Have you not
consummated your love?
Not yet.
Belladonna has
never been with a man
so we've decided to preserve her
purity till after the wedding.
She's given me this ribbon
from her fair hair.
To hold on to until we can
be together in a sex-way.
Yes.
Enough, enough.
If Thadeous wishes
to play forgetful
on his brother's day
of days,
then wait we shall not.
I can't get married without
my brother. He's my best man.
His time has passed.
Pick another best man.
No.
Julie, you be best man.
Here you are.
Godsdammit.
Oh, Brendan,
you trolls have it so easy.
Out here playing recklessly
in your beautiful mud.
Eating your scraps of
horse meats and crumbs.
Green grass.
And do tell,
how do you get so dirty?
You just take the earth
and rub it upon your face?
Your Highness,
the wedding has... Hello.
The wedding has started.
I do not care.
I'd rather stay with
this fine gentleman.
Hiding here with
my true friends.
Yes.
Let the whole entire wedding
wonder and worry where I am.
This is the day that
I've been waiting for
Sand in the kingdom
Our love is born
Flowing from the ocean
to the moons
Your heart now I hold
You have a beauty
I can't ignore
Bastion of all I do adore
Giving this moment
Our love that's true
Our hearts now are one
Bravo!
Reveal yourself, stranger.
Are you lost?
A thousand pardons. I mean not to
intrude on such a joyous occasion.
However, today I just
could not help myself.
Leezar!
You're not
welcome here, devil!
If you come in peace,
say so,
otherwise prepare
to meet your doom.
Oh, brave Fabious.
You murdered my Cyclops. But I
have other perils in store for you.
Ones that are beyond the
bounds of your imagination.
One, in particular,
involving an ancient
prophecy destined
to be fulfilled by
a powerful warlock,
me.
And, of course, a very beautiful
virgin that looks just like
Her.
I was keeping that one
for something very special.
And I dare say it was rude
of you to steal her from me.
Now I'm here
to get her back.
And just how do you
plan on doing that?
Magic,
Motherfucker.
Not a moment more.
Knights, to arms!
Take him!
Do you honestly think your
band of worms can stop me?
Arise therefore,
my mothers!
Watch out!
Come with me.
Leezar!
I shall not go back
to that dreadful tower!
Look into my eyes!
You will learn to love
me! Do you understand?
Come on.
Impossible.
Farewell,
Kingdom of Mourne.
As always,
it has been my pleasure.
I thought
it was from riding sheep,
but it turns out just
to be an ear infection.
You fucker!
Good times.
No one get up.
I'm very tired.
I'm going straight
to my bed chambers.
Brother,
thank god you're alive.
When you didn't show up for
the wedding, I feared the worst.
Why are you crying?
Leezar has taken my love.
What?
Yes.
So, your brother is about to
embark on yet another quest.
This time to
rescue Belladonna
and rid the land of
that loathsome wretch
once and for all.
Wow, how noble of him.
Well, it was nice to see you,
as short as the visit was.
I look forward to hearing about
it. Good luck and good bye.
Thadeous, this is
Fabious' 28th quest.
How many have
you been on?
Courtney, how many
quests have I completed?
Uh...
The answer is none.
It is finally time
for you to become a man.
You must journey with your
brother to rescue his bride.
Father,
you can't be serious.
If you want me to
go on to a quest,
then let's start
with something easy,
like boiling a chicken or
beating off in front of a Pegasus.
Elementary things.
Look around you at the harm
that has befallen this castle!
This quest is
your last chance
to prove to me
and the kingdom
that you are a man worthy
to bear the family crest,
and to show that at your
core, you are not rotten,
but you are brave,
and honorable, and noble.
All the qualities
expected of a prince.
The choice is yours.
Either journey with your
brother and the Knights Elite,
or you can face banishment
from the kingdom.
Shit.
You see, Courtney,
I alone understand how to
properly prepare for a quest.
Masculine garments, proper,
good collie to smoke upon.
How is Steven doing?
He looks like
he's stoned, sir.
Fabious has Simon,
and now I have Steven, a far
superior creature companion.
Wouldn't you agree?
He will fare very well,
indeed, I'm sure, Your Highness.
I do hope this adventure is
not too stressful or boring.
Either way I intend to get properly
fucked up if no one disagrees.
Belladonna, wake up.
Wake up.
Who is that?
Where am I?
'Tis I, Fabious.
Your love.
Fabious?
You're still
in Leezar's lair.
But fear not,
I'm here to rescue you.
Fabious,
it's really you.
I knew you'd come
to find me.
I can't do this. I can't
do it. It's so mean.
You should've seen the
look on your face. It's me!
You're still a prisoner.
I've seen a beautiful
world beyond this prison,
and I count the hours
till I escape.
I wouldn't be
so sure of that.
Lookie there. The twin moons
drawing slowly together.
Time moving them closer.
Just as time moves you
and I closer together.
And when the two moons
unite, so shall we.
Perhaps, keeping you in this
tower has left you ignorant.
You're so easily deceived.
For example, I have heard
that your Prince Fabious
has made his bed recklessly
with many maidens.
And I heard that he has fungi
on his genitalia as a result.
Also, he organizes orgies
with wenches and
barbarians alike
and he takes sperm on him
and gives it to women freely.
Spilling his seed
willy-nilly
as he makes his way
through that orgy.
I don't believe you.
He is not the dashing young
man you believe him to be.
So
these are the harsh realities
of the outside world.
Welcome home.
Halt! Steady.
Oh.
Sorry to disturb
you two love birds
but we've arrived at the
home of the Wize Wizard.
Who the hell is
the Wize Wizard?
He's an ancient seer
who helps many
on their quest
with added insight.
Great. Well, let
me know how it goes.
Leave him in
his carriage, Fabious.
You and I will seek counsel
with the Wize Wizard.
No.
Come, Brother. This is the
first stop on your first quest.
We shall go together.
Brother,
you look ravishing
in that armor,
but I don't think
you'll need it.
The Wize Wizard is a
peaceful, little old man.
I'm wearing it.
You're just being jealous.
Shit!
Thadeous!
Fuck.
Hello? Anyone home?
Looks as if someone is
cultivating glorious herbs in here.
Hey, Wize Wizard,
is that you over there?
Who dares enter my den?
It is I, Prince Fabious and
my brother, Prince Thadeous.
We come
to seek counsel.
Come, come.
Give me kisses.
Kiss him.
Fuck, no.
Pretty please.
Kiss it on the mouth.
For the quest.
I do it
every time I come.
Hello.
Nice to meet you.
Oh, god.
Sit, sit.
Sit.
Fabious has been coming
here since he was a boy.
You did this when
you were a child.
Yes!
We had great times,
didn't we?
Yes, yes, we did.
You would kiss him?
Mmm-hmm.
Yeah, sometimes we
would do other things.
Like what?
When I was younger, we'd take our
shirts off and jump on the bed.
Playful secrets.
Don't tell father.
Hmm.
Breathe deeply
of these herbs
and share a vision
with me.
Of course.
Yes. Allow me
to puff as well.
Hmm.
Those are
some powerful herbs.
Giving me dark visions.
Shall we pack
this again?
I'm not getting visions. I'm
not sure if it's working, Wizard.
Visions. Visions.
Thadeous, are you
seeing what I'm seeing?
You making
a fool yourself.
Handle your shit,
Fabious, please.
No, I can't.
Please, interpret
these visions, Wizard.
Prophecies foretell
of an evil wizard
laying his seed
inside a virgin
under the eclipse
of the two moons.
What? What evil
prophecy is this?
The child
she would spawn
is said to be
a dragon most powerful.
Ew. Leezar wants to make love
to Belladonna to create a dragon?
That's fucking disgusting.
I cannot
let this happen.
When is this eclipse?
In five nights' time,
but you will need an enchanted
blade to do this warlock in.
A blade made
of unicorn horn.
Say where I can find such a
sword and it shall be mine.
It rests in the depths of the
most perilous hidden labyrinth.
Just beyond
Muldiss Darton.
Well, what is
Muldiss Darton?
It's a place of legend.
Oh. Powerful magic.
This crooked compass
will catch the light
and point the way to
the labyrinth's location.
Be warned,
they say the walls of this
maze drive men to madness.
But if you can
find your way,
the blade will be yours.
Thank you,
Wize Wizard.
Not so fast. First you
must answer a riddle.
What journey be long and
twisted and sensitive at hand?
To what end must man go to
discover the depths of his ecstasy?
Think hard,
strong warriors.
Fuck, I know this.
Oh.
I've got it!
You want us to twist what is
long with our sensitive hands.
He wants us
to jerk him off.
Just punch the tip
and twist it.
Yes, but we are
not going to do that.
If it's for the quest, we
will do what needs to be done.
I'll work the tip,
you tickle his balls.
Yuck!
Pervert.
Did you get
any information?
Let's just make camp.
Sick. This quest sucks.
It used to be you
that joined him.
Yes.
Don't worry.
All will be well.
Ha!
Attentions please,
warriors.
I propose a toast.
Let us drink till
thine asses are drunk.
Brother,
we do not celebrate
until we complete
the quest at hand.
It is the code of
the Knights Elite.
What of my code
where we drink like men?
Thadeous,
we have some traditions
of our own out here
on the road.
Manious, prepare the
warrior's tidings, if you will.
If it is the first night
of your first quest, well...
Here it comes.
Disgusting.
Feast upon
the heart of the beast.
No, thank you,
I'm not hungry.
It is a tradition
among men.
Eat it.
Eat it! Eat it! Eat it!
You fuckers!
That's not funny!
You're not supposed
to eat it.
You all were chanting.
Maybe there's some donkey
cock in your carriage!
Fuck you, Boremont!
Manious, fuck you!
I hate all of you.
Thadeous!
Come back.
Thadeous, come here.
Ah.
Dark master,
it is I, Julie.
We have crossed
the hazel meadow,
and are now taking rest
at the Cliffs of Kuneman.
Now that the Princes of Mourne
have left their stronghold
their vulnerabilities
are in your hands.
My hands.
Bring Prince Fabious
to me alive.
I would like him to witness
as I impregnate his love.
Impregnate.
As for Thadeous
and his boy,
toss them from the Cliffs
of Kuneman. They're useless.
Fart.
Knock, knock.
May I come in?
No, leave me alone.
Get out of here.
Thadeous, you must
calm down. It's over.
You ate the heart,
you passed the initiation.
Passed?
You made me look stupid in
front of all your friends.
And don't think I'm not telling
father because I'm going to.
Thadeous, we were just having
some fun, and it was perfect.
Now they know you're
not to be fucked with.
Excuse me, sir,
sorry for the intrusion.
I have just witnessed
a most disturbing incident.
There must be
a misunderstanding.
Julie is my most
trusted confidant.
Julie is an idiot.
No, he's not.
He's a gentleman.
Julie is what,
Your Highness?
I'm not sure, Julie.
Courtney said he saw
some suspicious behavior.
You, I saw you
talking with Leezar.
How dare you watch me
in my private moments.
He's stolen my vision.
Get him, Courtney!
Come here!
You old beast.
Courtney, just restrain
him with all your might.
No, slay him!
Murder him!
Die of me.
What?
Don't move,
you're surrounded.
Ew!
Julie has no dick!
Ew.
Boremont!
Help!
Knights!
A turncoat has
been discovered!
Prince Fabious,
what is wrong?
Boremont, seize Julie,
I'm afraid
he's betrayed us!
That thing is
a dickless traitor!
A traitor, you say.
Yes.
I saw him seeking counsel
with Leezar.
Counsel? With Leezar?
Well, if what
they say is true,
then, Julie, I have but
one question for you.
What were
our master's orders?
What?
His orders
were simple.
Capture Fabious
and kill the rest.
Boremont,
how could you?
What about the code
of the Knights Elite?
Code?
Upon your choice of best
man for your wedding,
your "code"
became clear to me.
You hurt my feelings.
Now I shall hurt yours.
Kill them all!
Look out!
To the carriage!
Your friends tried
to slay us.
Those bastards!
Get in!
After them!
Okay, go!
We've got company!
Ready yourselves!
These men are fierce!
Oh, gods!
Under the cart you go!
Fucking sword!
Stab him!
You cut his hair off!
Oh!
Fabious, he's coming!
I know, get up here!
Come on!
Now what?
I have a plan. We jump on
the horses and ride away.
But the horses,
they're moving.
I know. I know.
Oh, shit!
Come on!
What? Want me, as well?
Now!
Face me, you traitor.
Look!
Oh, shit!
We did it!
Ka-boom!
Yes!
If I could have
everyone's attention.
I'd like to say
a few words, if I may.
I have prepared
this feast
in honor and appreciation
of Belladonna.
Seems like it
was only yesterday
that we used sorcery to burn
your village to the ground,
come in and snatch you.
But I remember
looking at you
all those years ago
and thinking,
"Wow, that's a baby. "
"And that's the baby that someday
I will have to have sex with. "
Now, look at me.
A 19-year-old boy,
almost a man,
Still a virgin.
To the fuckening!
Yes, to the fuckening!
Leezar, what is this rubbish
you have set before us?
It's such a funny
choice for a feast.
I'm just a little
overwhelmed right now.
Dealing with her and you
and the fucking prophecy.
I mean, we could
all just relax...
Master.
What do you want, Julie?
Regrettably, the Princes
of Mourne have escaped.
You should've killed them at the
wedding when you had the chance.
Fabious is of
no purpose to us.
Silence!
His purpose is to destroy
you and your evil ways.
Would you shut up,
or I will love you less.
Are those fish fingers
you're eating?
No more questions!
Now find them!
Shit! Fabious, the
horses! They're escaping.
Yes, it's a distraction
to lead them off our trail.
And what are we to do now?
Walk all the way home?
Home? We're not going home.
Just because
the knights betrayed us
does not mean we
give up on the quest.
Together we can still
accomplish what needs to be done.
How? We're lost,
I'm hungry.
This stump, it's putting
my asshole to sleep.
Thadeous, your feet are
bare. Put your boots on.
They're filthy, I'm
having them exfoliated.
No time for exfoliation.
The compass points north.
We shall
follow it still.
I will not give up till
Belladonna is safe in mine arms.
Oh, god.
Simon!
Where have you been?
Shit.
What?
I left goddamn Steven
back at camp.
Who's Steven?
He's my loyal
animal companion.
And he means just as much
to me as Simon means to you.
But I guess I'll
never see him again.
Very well.
I understand that bond.
Let us return to camp, face
the traitors and rescue Steven.
No, fuck it.
It's over.
But, perhaps, since my animal
companion is no longer here,
it's only fair that we
get rid of yours as well.
No, that would serve
no purpose, Brother.
That would be like me asking
you to get rid of Courtney
just because Julie
is no longer with us.
I will drown Courtney in the
shallow fucking pond right now
if that means
fair is fair.
I don't like
that idea, sir.
No, Simon can help us.
Simon,
you must take this
message to father.
Tell him that the
Knights Elite betrayed us
and he must send an army across
the valley to Muldiss Darton
and help us retrieve
the Blade of Unicorn.
Hurry, Simon!
Fly to Mourne and deliver
these desperate words.
Fly!
Come on, Manious, you've been
sniffing dirt all morning.
We would not be in
this position, Julie,
if you wouldn't have gotten
caught communicating with Leezar.
And if you ladies
were proper assassins,
you'd have cut them down back
there as the Dark Lord commanded.
Manious,
what do you see?
They stepped
towards the sun here.
This blade of grass,
one of them pissed on it.
And then they moved, very
quickly, mind, towards...
There!
That's
Marteetee's land.
What?
Our mission may be completed
sooner than I expected.
If I may be so bold,
Your Highness,
what is the meaning of
that ribbon that you hold?
This?
It's a gift
from Belladonna.
A symbol
of her virgin purity.
I hold it
and savor it.
You do that instead
of have sex with her?
Belladonna is unlike any
maiden in the kingdom.
She behaves
without judgment,
defies expectation.
When I first
heard her voice
a tear came to my eye,
and that tear
turned to ice,
and I kept
that frozen tear
far from my heart
that burns with passion.
If she had a wound,
I would kiss it.
If she had a splinter,
I would pull it from
her flesh with mine lips.
Just say we are too late and
Leezar has had his way with her,
would you still be
able to be with her?
I don't want to
think about that.
But just say that
we were moments late,
and he was able
to get her cookies.
Shut up.
Yes, I know, but what if he butt-fucked
her? Would you still like her?
Do I have to
write you a poem?
There's never been
a love so true as ours.
That's pure love.
Yes, it is.
No, that's pure love.
There's a naked woman
standing behind you.
Who is that?
Is she looking at us?
Who is it? Is it him?
Are you looking to him?
Is it Courtney?
Is it to me?
It's Courtney.
I think it's to me.
I believe she is
taking her trousers off.
Right, I will
return momentarily.
No.
Thadeous,
it might be a trap.
The only thing those tits
will trap is my warm spray.
Have fun
rubbing your ribbon.
Disgusting.
Come back here, you.
I'm beginning to think he
doesn't care about this quest.
What could possibly
make you think that, sir?
Oh, shit!
Oh, shit! It's a
trap. A booby trap.
Oh, god!
It was a trap.
White people,
I knew it!
White people?
Are they nice or are
they mean? They're mean!
They're the meanest!
What do we do?
I don't know. It is against
code to strike a woman.
I'm sick of
your silly codes.
Punch these ladies
in the face!
Sire, where are they taking us?
I don't know.
Stay close!
Marteetee.
Mart-who?
Silence!
Good day,
my little bees
and welcome to my
most special of events.
We have a wonderful treat
as you get to witness
a sea of babbling men
behold their fates.
Enter, Dastardly!
Bloodthirsty creatures.
Oh!
Brother, if I die, you must
promise me to continue our quest.
Ooh!
Him.
No!
Kill him first!
Stay away!
Take the knife.
Why?
Watch this.
Oh!
Yes!
No!
Face! Yes!
Huh?
We've bested
your finest warrior.
Now grant us our freedom!
Yeah!
Bring Marteetee
his cauldron!
What is the cauldron?
Are my bees ready
for the grand finale?
Yes, my pet!
Come forth
and show thy bulbous!
Oh, shit!
Oh, gods!
Over here!
Hey, over here!
Bring your fight to me!
Shit!
Thadeous!
Sir!
I've been bitten!
I can't move my leg.
You've got to
suck out the venom.
I don't want to suck it!
You suck it!
I can't suck
my own venom!
Yes, you can.
I'll help you!
Suck it!
Suck your venom.
I can't reach it
with my mouth!
Courtney,
suck the venom!
I've never sucked...
Suck it!
And who have we here?
A sprightly
little warrior you are.
Suck it!
Right there! Suck it!
I will make nice
when I enter you!
It's coming!
Courtney
spit the load!
Don't swallow the venom!
Spit it!
Come on! Come on!
Kill it!
Fuck it up!
Yes!
What?
Who is he that dares
destroy my beautiful baby?
It's a woman.
I can see.
Marteetee,
when I was a child
you enslaved my father
and slaughtered him
in this very arena.
Today I avenge him.
First by killing the beast,
second, by killing you.
Well, well,
my tiny bee...
Oh, shit.
Let's go!
We're going!
Brother, are you
all right? I'm fine!
Come on, let's go!
This way!
Excuse me, my lady.
May I but speak
with you a moment?
I'd like to
introduce myself.
I am Prince Fabious
of Mourne
and this is my brother,
Thadeous,
and his squire,
young Courtney.
Hello.
We'd like to thank you for
your help with that dread beast.
I have no time for
your maiden pleasantries.
My quest continues
to the north.
As does ours.
I thought maybe for the
sake of both our quests,
that we could
travel together.
At least, until we
reach civilization.
Yes, civilization.
We are good men, we're
questing to save my...
Excuse my brother.
He's not familiar with
the customs of the road.
Do not touch me. Why are
you making me look bad?
A warrior on the road never
divulges the nature of his quest.
One never knows if his aim
may conflict with another's.
Yes, I was
just being nice.
As we are
on the same path,
I suppose you boys may
follow me to Muldiss Darton.
From there I seek
navigation and march alone.
We thank you. And
may we have your name?
I'm Isabel.
The last living member
of the Harshbarger order.
Well, Isabel, my brother
and myself will ensure
that you run into no danger
while you travel with us.
With our huge muscles,
we shall protect you.
Who? Protect what?
To be fair,
everyone will protect
each other equally,
I'm certain.
But we will protect her
more because we are men.
Boo!
Gods!
What are you doing,
Brother?
What right do you have,
scaring a man like that?
Oh. What right
have you to spy
on a bathing woman
from the shrubs?
I'm simply
keeping an eye on her.
She is not like one of
our dimwitted chamber maids
that let me take
them from behind.
This woman has me vexed.
What exactly
would it take for one
to tame such
an adventurous slut?
I imagine she'd want
her man to be honorable,
bold, brave, know his
way around a blade.
Oh, god, she's looking at
us. Remain perfectly still.
Mmm. We're almost
out of wood.
Courtney, perhaps you and I should
go and collect some firewood.
Yeah.
If you two wouldn't mind
tending these embers.
No, of course not.
Tend away.
Care for another bite
of some meat?
You're not much
for talking, are you?
A true warrior must keep
her focus on the road.
One never knows when
death might be dealt.
Mmm. Yes, of course.
I've been involved in many
death dealings in
focus-al moments.
Yes, by your
childish shrieks
in the face of
Marteetee's beast,
one could see as much.
What exactly is
your problem with me?
Do you have a sword stuck
so far up your butt-hole
that you cannot even enjoy
yourself for one moment?
My quest affords me
no such luxury.
Not even on a tender
night like this?
The moons glimmering,
the cold air
licking your tits.
On a night just like this
I returned home from a hunt
to find a bloodbath.
Nothing remained of
my six beloved brothers
save for their
severed heads on stakes.
Their eyes
had been plucked,
their teeth
taken as tokens.
I wear this bracelet, forged
of the steel of their shields,
as a constant reminder
of my vow to avenge them.
My only advice would just
be to keep your head up,
hang in there,
live every day
to the fullest,
have sex
as much as you can
by campfire when
you're all alone
and your brother is
out gathering wood.
Just simple things
like that.
Do you think he'll make
love with her tonight?
Not a chance.
Either way, I've spent a
lifetime often envious of him.
Envious of Thadeous?
All the times that he could
sit back and have a laugh
and really
enjoy the moment.
And I was up on stage
wearing make-up
to cover my acne.
My hair perfectly coiffed,
even for war.
I think you misunderstand
the situation.
He constantly gazes at you
with such eager eyes.
Sometimes he
borrows your armor
and he prances around the
courtyard, flailing your sword,
going, "I am Fabious!
"Look at me slay dragon. "
He does it out of love.
He loves you, sir.
He adores you.
I know tragedy as well.
My mother is dead.
I have someone dead
in my family, too.
Also, recently
my brother's
bride-to-be was stolen
by a devious wizard.
Wizard?
Mmm-hmm.
Huh.
If you could
keep a secret,
it was Leezar.
Leezar?
Mmm-hmm.
Ah.
I understand he's
a very dangerous man.
Duh. That's why
Fabious turned to me.
The most bold and brave and
honorable man that he knows.
Mmm.
We aim to kill
the magical cocksucker.
Do you see this compass?
What a fascinating device.
It will lead us to a
labyrinth which holds a blade.
The only weapon strong
enough to defeat the wizard.
Well, perhaps
I misjudged you.
It's not your fault.
I know I may seem like
I have a rugged exterior,
but underneath it all, I have a
golden heart that beats and beats.
So beautiful.
That poor creature.
That's right.
Look at yourself.
Why would anyone ever
want to be with you?
Hmm. I'm not sure, really.
Oh, yeah.
Perhaps, because I'm rich,
I live in a castle
and I can do magic.
Okay, then why did you need to
kidnap me if you're so desirable?
Because I'm
the prophecy born, maybe.
Or I'm going to
have a dragon soon
which I'll be able
to control,
and it's going to
give me ultimate power.
How? Because you can
make a dragon do things?
Yes. I could
make it devour people
or breathe fire over
the Kingdom of Mourne.
Mmm. Sounds flimsy.
First of all,
you obviously don't know
jack shit
about the prophecy.
How do you know that it won't
be me who controls the dragon?
Because
I am the chosen one.
Chosen one
controls the dragon.
Those are the rules,
basically.
What are you laughing at?
I was just thinking
about your penis
and how unusual
it must look.
It doesn't look unusual.
How do you know
it's going to work?
Because I've tested it.
Really?
And if your vagina is
anything like my hand
there will be
no problem.
Fair warriors, arise.
Two days
before the eclipse.
Thadeous, hand me the compass
so I can check its shadow.
What?
The compass.
Oh.
That's weird.
It was around my neck
when I slept.
Where is it,
Thadeous?
I don't know.
I just woke up.
Isabel seems
to have gone.
Isabel!
Shit.
Thadeous,
you didn't
by chance tell her
anything about the nature
of our quest, did you?
I may have dropped
a few minor details.
Did you tell Isabel
anything about the
one-of-a-kind mythical compass?
Mmm.
Gods!
She's run off
with the compass.
We don't know that
for sure. Oh, yeah?
Where is it?
Where is she?
All right, well,
it wasn't my fault.
I was falling madly
in love with her.
I was bedazzled
by her sweet bosom.
I was helpless.
You fool!
Without the compass, how do
we find the Blade of Unicorn?
And without that sword,
how do we defeat Leezar?
Maybe we can find some other
way, with nets or something.
Nets?
Oh, that's a great plan.
And meanwhile, Belladonna's
going to get raped and die!
We don't know for sure
if she'll die.
Is this a joke to you?
Look, I'm sorry, but I
shouldn't even be here.
We've almost been
killed multiple times.
I will probably die
on this quest.
Courtney definitely will.
Fuck Courtney,
and fuck you!
Maybe they're right,
everything they say about you.
They only say that stuff
because of you,
because you go out and have
to pretend to be the best.
And they look at me like
I'm some sort of idiot.
Everyone in the kingdom
wants to suck your dick.
No one wants
to suck mine!
Oh, Thadeous,
you have the potential
to be such a noble warrior,
but instead you
just let yourself go,
and everyone around you.
You have no idea
what it's like to be me.
Being your brother
is a curse.
I'd rather be brothers
with anyone else but you.
You say nothing else for
fear of what I might do.
Nothing!
Now get dressed
and comb your hair.
I'm going
to Muldiss Darton.
Sex.
Come on, Courtney.
Come on.
For better or worse,
we're here. Muldiss Darton.
You and Courtney
entertain yourselves.
I'm going off to
find the sword alone.
Alone?
I can't afford to
waste any more time.
Well, what are we to do?
Do whatever it is
you do, Thadeous.
Well, obviously
he's still upset.
Oh, gods, Courtney.
How my heart laments.
Having been betrayed by the
sways of a beautiful woman.
And Fabious, throwing
his goddamn tantrums
with no regard for
anyone else's feelings.
He really needs
to consider...
Sir, look over there.
It's that thieving Isabel.
My gods!
The balls of this woman!
Do you think any of those
men are her boyfriends?
Possibly.
Who would ever want
to be her boyfriend?
What do we do?
I'll tell you
what we do.
We go over there,
we get the compass back,
we give it to Fabious,
we make him
feel horrible
for the way in
which he treated me,
and then you
and I head for home.
You believe it to be
as easy as that, sir?
Courtney, she is a
woman, and we are a man.
How hard could this be?
It's my birthday today,
you know.
Fuck that.
Boremont!
You dare to
betray me twice?
No, it's the same
betrayal as before.
It all just
counts as one.
I suggest you surrender before
my father's army gets here.
After Simon's message, they
should be arriving nigh on now.
Ah, yes.
About your tin pet.
Simon.
Best of luck
with your quest.
And you with yours.
Not so fast,
trickster.
Hello, Thadeous.
The time for
pleasantries is through.
Do you feel that tiny
prick in your back?
Is that your cock?
No, 'tis a knife, but I'll
gladly penetrate you with it.
Now look over
your shoulder.
Other shoulder.
Frightening.
Mmm-hmm.
We have you surrounded.
An animal in a cage.
Now sit.
So, who were those handsome
men you were talking to?
My contacts.
Mmm. By contacts
do you mean
men you trick into liking
you so you can fuck them over?
What are you
talking about?
You know what
I'm talking about.
The compass.
Hand it over now.
You lied.
It does nothing.
Maybe if you would've gone to
the Wize Wizard like we did,
he could have explained to you
that it only works in sunlight.
Really?
Shit, I shouldn't
have told you that.
Isn't the Wize Wizard
a pervert?
Yes.
Sadly, I think he
molested my brother.
That's unfortunate.
Enough of your sympathy.
The compass. Give it.
I need it
to destroy Leezar.
Your quest is
to kill Leezar?
Yes. My family is the
order of the Golden Knights.
We're sworn to obstruct the
prophecy of the dragon eclipse.
That's what
the Golden Knights do?
It is my legacy
to stop anyone
who wants to fuck
to make dragons.
Yuck. Well, that's the same
thing we're trying to do.
Why would you hinder us
and steal the compass?
His mothers sent my
brothers to their death.
I must stop Leezar
and I can't afford
to let anyone get
in my way.
Least of all,
a slob and his boy.
Guess what?
I despise you.
You're a bully
and a whore.
Now give me
the compass now.
And if I don't?
Well,
then things will
get very nasty.
Oh, really?
Oh, really.
Shit!
Oh, shit!
Oh! God! Courtney,
fucking do something.
Your Highness!
Excuse me.
What the fuck?
Take that shit outside!
Oh, sorry.
Hello.
Thank you for the
hospitality, gentlemen.
That didn't
really go as planned.
She's gone and now
so is the compass.
She is, indeed,
gone, sir.
The compass,
however, is right here.
Courtney, my good man.
How did you do it?
Before your father
bought me,
I was a sex slave for a
band of gypsies in the north
and they taught me a thing
or two about sleight-of-hand.
Oh, you.
Now you see me,
now you don't.
Delicious.
I can't wait
to see the look
on Fabious' silly face
when he sees this.
Clear!
Fabious.
What do we do?
I'll tell you what we do.
We will steal a steed and we
will ride to the next town.
We become ghosts,
start a brand new life,
one where you still serve
me. And we're stable boys,
and we bed the fickle
wives of farmers.
What about Fabious?
Oh, Fabious.
We'll remember him fondly.
I really think we should
try and rescue him.
But, how, Courtney? You
are weak, and I am hungry.
You deceitful pricks. You
stole the compass from me.
Who? I didn't.
Courtney did.
Please have mercy
on us, lady warrior.
Fabious has been captured
by Leezar and his men.
He was captured?
Yes.
We got into
a huge swordfight
and we were able
to escape
and he was not.
I know how
you're feeling inside.
As if you cannot rest
until you destroy those
who harmed your family.
You want to skin them alive
then wear their flesh as a cape
as you dance around
their convulsing corpses.
Yes, of course.
Yes.
That feeling is
all too familiar.
It's been burning
in my beaver
since the day
I lost my brothers.
We've had
our differences,
but if we work together,
we can save your brother,
avenge my family,
and destroy Leezar
once and for all.
This woman is mad.
I believe we found
our labyrinth.
Where? The compass has
led us to a dead end.
Shall we return home?
It appears as though there's
something written here
in the language of
the Highland Dwarf.
I can't read it.
Sir, you're well-versed in the
Highland Dwarf language, aren't you?
You read Dwarf,
Thadeous?
I have had encounters
with those people, yes.
Really? Well, then
what does it say?
Fucker.
It's nonsense.
It says, "What leads you
here will lead you there. "
It's rubbish.
Highland Dwarves
are a silly culture.
Oftentimes they speak and I have
no idea what they're talking about.
What is she doing?
Perfect fit.
You coming?
What is that
foul stench?
What was that noise?
I don't know, Courtney.
But I don't like this.
I fear we're
not alone in here.
What is that thing?
I don't know, but run!
Isabel!
Sir?
Help! Your Highness!
Courtney!
Thadeous!
Isabel!
Companions,
where are you?
Courtney! Hello?
Thadeous!
Where are you, sire?
This is the Blade
of Unicorn?
It's just bones.
You've found it.
Who said that?
'Tis I, the soul of this maze
and protector of the blade.
'Tis my duty to ensure
only a true hero carries
the blade from this tomb.
Okay.
Say, for instance,
a man entered here
by accident who
wasn't a true hero.
What would happen
to him?
Death.
I see. Well,
I am no true hero.
So I would like to just place
the sword back where I found it,
and then I will go my way,
and you won't kill me,
and that will
be that, okay?
Go?
Where would
you like to go?
Is that...
Your home.
Okay, well, I would surely
go there. That would be fine.
Shall I just slide the
sword back into the thingy,
or place it gently
upon the ground?
And if I told you
that your brother
will die without the
help of this blade,
would you still walk
through that door?
Without the blade, Fabious
will be helpless against Leezar.
Shut your magical hole.
Why are you showing me this?
It's what you wanted,
is it not?
Your brother gone.
You'll be king
of all the land.
Think of the power,
the women, the bush, the
sticky-icky, the honeypots.
Well, it would be nice
to be king.
And all you have to do
is forget about the blade.
Leave it where you found it and
never think of this place again.
That's very sweet but I
am not a female Minotaur.
Ow!
His worm
is tickling me.
Get off of me!
I'm not enjoying this!
Get off me.
Whew!
Did you just see that?
I came back for you all!
I saved you!
What, you were going
to leave us?
No, of course not.
Is that the...
Blade of Unicorn?
Yes, my companions, it is.
It's so beautiful.
It's very, very sharp.
Come here, you silly.
What are you doing?
I was just trying to cut this
horn as a souvenir of my kill,
but it's proving to
be a bit of a bitch.
You can never sever
the horn of a Minotaur.
Hmm.
Only a champion man
would hold the Blade
of Unicorn in his hands.
And I, Thadeous,
am that man.
I have seen the pain
in my reflection
And watched the strength
of my brother, unflinching.
My quest is one of love,
but also in this moment of
forgiveness, of redemption,
even amongst
the smallest of foes.
My path has been unstable
but my conviction is born to
damn the fuckers who doubted me.
To lessen the assholes
who tested me.
To right what is wrong.
To restore faith
that has long been lost.
And to rise to great heights
even beyond my own legend
as a great cocksmith,
master pintsman,
and stunningly handsome prince
of light in these dark Dark Ages.
True trials await,
and I will greet thee
with the hammer of my fist
and the slide
of my sword.
As the fog clears, I will
follow the voice that guides me.
My love,
my heart, my gods.
The time is now!
Let us quest!
At long last, I have
you firmly in my grasp.
The pesky Prince Fabious.
The little sneak who
time and time again
has foiled every one
of my plots.
Who has slain
every one of my beasts.
Who has bested me
without fail until now.
Do what you will to me.
But unhand my love.
Let Belladonna go!
Cast your glance
heavenward
and know that when the ceiling
parts, and the moons align,
I will be
entering your love.
Sacrilege!
You wretched wizard.
My mothers have already
moistened Belladonna for foreplay.
You'll excuse me
if I take my leave.
I shall kill you!
Julie, Julie,
get me out of here.
Leezar has
a hold of your mind.
He has allowed me
to get even with you.
For too long you
and your family
have treated me
like an employee.
Yeah, you were my slave.
Yes, well not anymore.
Boremont, my comrade.
Please,
get me out of here.
If Leezar wins tonight, the entire
world will tumble into darkness.
My heart has soured
on this world long ago.
Perhaps a regime change
is just what it's needed.
Boremont, you gave your hand for
me. Now you're taking my heart.
We used to have
fucking picnics together.
Remember when we crossed
swords and touched tips?
Do you remember?
Look at me, Boremont!
Don't do this.
Anyway, so that
you don't feel like
you're missing out
on any of the fun,
let me introduce you
to my friend, Timotay.
As Leezar
enters Belladonna,
he will lower you
onto that spike,
thereby giving you
a good poking as well.
Belladonna, I love you!
All right.
Well, seeing that I did the bulk
of the work in the labyrinth,
perhaps it's one of your
turns to lead the way now.
Step back, new friends.
I'll lead the way.
For tonight,
evil has met its match.
Fantastic! Thank
you again for coming.
Oh!
God.
Wow, right out
of the gate.
We should proceed
with a bit more caution.
Let go of me!
You foul witches!
I hate you all.
Stop laughing.
Silence!
Let me go!
I shall be unable to have sex
with her with all that shrieking.
If it's obedience
that you want,
we will put her
under a spell.
She will surrender.
Obey.
Let it begin.
The winch, Courtney.
Brother!
What are you doing here?
We came
to rescue you.
You did?
Yes! Are you surprised?
Yes!
Courtney, you're
still alive! Isabel!
All right. Great.
We haven't much time!
Let's get weapons.
Fabious, there's something
else I should tell you.
What?
I would never let your
true love come to harm.
I present you with
the Blade of Unicorn.
Brother,
it is beautiful.
And Your Highness, please
forgive my deception.
Our two quests
now work as one.
Nice.
We're in this together, sir.
Yes.
Simon!
Now mine eyes
have seen it all.
'Tis only a truce.
Courtney had him restored.
He manipulated
me into friendship
by tugging
at my heartstrings.
Right.
What's he saying?
It seems the way is more
treacherous than I thought.
I cannot ask you
to come with me.
I know you do not expect
much from me, Fabious.
But I will stand
with you on this night.
Is this the same brother
that would not be my best man?
I did not deserve
to be your best man.
You do now.
We can finish this whenever
you maidens are ready.
Ready!
The time is nigh!
The moons are
about to align.
Intruders!
Prepare to be fist-fucked
by two brothers at once.
You're too late!
The fuckening has begun.
Get him!
You shit!
Kill them!
Why is she
making these noises?
Courtney!
Boremont!
Bastard!
Thadeous!
I'm not stiffening!
I'm just not
attracted to you.
Fuck me!
Love me!
Adis, motherfucker!
Teamwork!
God, I never wanted it to
end like this, old friend.
Master Fabious.
I loved you!
I loved you, too,
Boremont.
As only a knight
can love a knight.
No.
I loved you
as a man loves
another man.
Oh.
Jumping!
Quick! We must hurry!
What? No, no, don't
suck that! That's dead!
Next time you want to smash
a bloodline of knights,
make sure you
kill all of them!
We did!
You forgot
about their sister.
Thadeous!
What are you doing here?
I'm trying to rescue you.
We must hurry!
Step away
from my virgin.
She's my brother's virgin.
If you want to fuck her,
you'll have to
fuck me first.
It would be
my pleasure.
Stop!
It's over.
Take your last breath
with nobility.
You fool.
I cannot be slain
by mortal blade.
One must possess
the powerful...
I know.
Blade of Unicorn.
It's not possible.
My love.
Think I'm beginning
to like the feel
of blood and filth
upon these fingers.
Perhaps I will
never bathe again.
Unless, of course,
there were a bitch
brave enough to
bathe beside me.
You fought with honor.
Why don't you treat yourself
and take rest at our castle?
We've all the slaves, pickles and
servants one could ever desire.
We have dancing bears,
Orientals
and all the berries
you care to pick.
I wish I could,
but I never rest.
There's yet another quest that
calls me to the Western Marshes.
I must surprise
a band of thieves
and burn them alive one by
one in a symphony of shrieks.
I will not forget you,
Prince.
Nor will I.
Here. To remember me. Oh.
I don't want that
thing touching me.
Say hello.
Ooh.
No.
I fucking killed
this dick. Take it.
No, it's yours.
I cannot accept
another warrior's trophy.
Courtney, take my dick.
With pleasure, sir.
Till we meet again.
Is thou all right,
Brother?
I love you.
I love you, too.
They're cheering
for you.
for all of us.
Even for me?
Especially you, Brother.
I'm proud of you, son.
You saved
the entire land.
Not a bad run
for a first quest.
Well, I would be remiss
to say I did it alone.
Fabious did help
where he could.
Hmm.
I'm sure.
Finally. Alone.
Hello, there.
Cock-a-doodle-do.
Ah, Isabel.
Brother?
Yes?
Am I interrupting
something?
Nothing, I was
preparing for bedtime
and just looking at the
oils that Father gave me.
Ah! I know
what you're doing!
No, you don't.
Well, seeing you by yourself at
the wedding didn't seem right.
So, I've brought
you someone.
Someone I know you've
been missing... Isabel?
...and who's been
missing you.
I brought you Steven!
Oh.
I went on a mini-quest
and I found him for you.
Well, that was
very nice of you,
Fabious. Thank you.
I had so much fun on
our adventure together.
Yes, I know. You have told
me 15 fucking times now.
Well, I'm off to sleep
with Belladonna.
I'm a little nervous.
Don't be.
Just swing your cock with the
same strength you swing your sword,
and I'm sure
all will be fine.
All right.
Sweet dreams, Brother.
Sweet dreams.
Steven.
Well, I'm going to put you in the
corner now while I strum my filthies.
Come, come, Steven.
Here we go.
Isabel.
I was able to wrap things up in
the west quicker than I expected.
I've not been able to
stop thinking of you.
What a coincidence. I was just
about to finish thinking of you.
Wait.
Before we go any further,
there's something
I have to show you.
What?
What the hell is that?
It's a chastity belt
put upon me by
an evil witch long ago.
She now roams the snow
mountains of Shahmir.
If I can defeat her,
the curse will be broken,
the belt will fall free.
So in order for us
to make love,
we have to track down an evil
and, I'm assuming, dangerous witch?
Exactly.
Hmm.
We would have to
do this right now?
If you don't want
to join me,
I could just take care
of it myself.
No, of course I want to
come. We just got home.
I was hoping to
have a few hours
of just doing nothing,
perhaps just relaxing.
Let's just stay here
and snuggle.
Hmm.
No, fuck it.
Let's kill that bitch.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org